Go back to the company and get everything ready
Don't have to go, instead of having to turn over
Tell all the kings
Today's meeting must apologize to all
What's wrong with you?
Why did the meeting suddenly advance?
Is something wrong?
I heard that the president is divorced
He gave me 10% of his shares to his ex-wife
Now he only has 25% left
It seems that everyone already knows the matter
Is everyone here?
Is the vice president a little too anxious?
A shareholder as large as me has not arrived yet
The meeting started
Isn't this the general manager of the market entry group?
You probably don't know it yet
The vice president's ex-wife
That is, Miss Shu
Transfer his 10% stake
It has been transferred to me.
So I am now the third generation of Fuji
Yo, what a scumbag
Let's start, Mr. Hu
The reason why it was held in advance
Because the latest invited tenders got a piece of land
We redeveloped the business engine.
You can look at the manual file
What!